Update firefox faq about uplifts (#293)
flodolo/documentation: src/products/firefox_desktop/firefox_l10n_faqs.md

While Nightly is always open for new strings, Beta and Release are string frozen, meaning that patches with new strings are normally not allowed to land.

> Uplifts need to be evaluated case by case, but in general they should be avoided in the context of a 4-weeks release cycle. Possible alternatives are uplifting ad-hoc patches without string changes, or exposing the feature/change only to English users. In the event an uplift request is made and approved, an updated [`l10n-changesets.json`](https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/source/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json) with the revision set to an appropriate commit hash needs to be included.

Reviewer: This is a bit too vague.

First issue: the update doesn't "need" to be included. It should be included if we landed the strings and gave people time to translate them. If it's an urgent uplift, and the strings are still stuck in quarantine, no point in uplifting an updated `l10n-changesets.json`.

What does "include" mean? Include it in the patch for uplift, ask release managers to include the update?

What is an "update"? From where do you take the file to uplift, how does it look like?

Author: Hopefully this [commit](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/documentation/pull/293/commits/213d1d80edc076cc9a56d8d3b6729d444725bfc3) addresses your feedback.

>What does "include" mean? Include it in the patch for uplift, ask release managers to include the update?

I'm not sure if there's a better approach to what I added, but I think having the changes to `l10n-changesets.json` in the uplift patch would allow us an opportunity to review.

Reviewer: That's an option if they need to create a separate patch for uplift, but typically the patch is uplifted as is. We should mention both options: ad-hoc patch including the updated file, or ask relman to land a follow-up change.

We also typically take the l10n-changesets file from mozilla-beta, even if it's not the latest, since it means it's gone through the build system at least once.

We should also link to https://mozilla-l10n.github.io/documentation/products/firefox_desktop/build_system.html#overview

While Nightly is always open for new strings, Beta and Release are string frozen, meaning that patches with new strings are normally not allowed to land.

Uplifts need to be evaluated case by case, but in general they should be avoided in the context of a [4-week release cycle](./build_system.md). Possible alternatives are uplifting ad-hoc patches without string changes, or exposing the feature/change only to English users.

> In the event an uplift request is made and approved, translations for uplifted strings should also be uplifted if they have landed and have had enough time for localization. For translations to appear in the build, the `revision` value for all locales in [`l10n-changesets.json`](https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/source/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json) must have a commit hash containing the appropriate translations from [`firefox-l10n`](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/firefox-l10n). Typically, the `l10n-changesets.json` file from mozilla-beta is used since it has gone through the build system at least once (even if it isn't the latest). There are two options to ensure these changes are uplifted: an ad-hoc patch including the updates to the `l10n-changesets.json` file or asking Release Management to land a follow-up change for the l10n changesets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the uplift request is approved, translations for uplifted strings should also be uplifted if there was enough time for localization. For translations to appear in the build, the `revision` value for all locales in [`l10n-changesets.json`](https://searchfox.org/mozilla-central/source/browser/locales/l10n-changesets.json) must have a commit hash containing the appropriate translations from [`firefox-l10n`](https://github.com/mozilla-l10n/firefox-l10n). Typically, the content of `l10n-changesets.json` from `mozilla-beta` is used since it has gone through the build system at least once (even if it isn’t the latest). There are two options to ensure these changes are uplifted: an ad-hoc patch including the updates to the `l10n-changesets.json` file ([example](https://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-esr128/rev/4298182958af)) or asking Release Management to land a follow-up change for the l10n changesets ([example](https://hg.mozilla.org/releases/mozilla-esr128/rev/213534997a7c)).
```
